hi everyone my name is Victoria packing
from easy recipes with Bristlecone and
today I'm here with my friends at first
that you like that cop asked me to
produce a video from this to be
beautiful thick winter just incredible
pork goulash is chill so if you want to
know how to make it continue watch the
video for this recipe you will need 2
pounds of pork shoulder trimmed out of
the fat and cut to pieces
onion 2 pounds of potatoes sugar white
vinegar carrots handful of them two
giant garlic cloves if you use normal
garlic's not Russian one use four garlic
cloves tomato paste tomato sauce thyme
leaves crushed black pepper sweet
paprika crushed red chili flakes and
salt in order to make very very thick
sauce you have to chop vegetables very
fine so I'm starting with onion and
garlic together and placing it as a
first layer the line here quite
important vegetables go on bottom and
we'd go on top of them so onion and
garlic goes in next layer is going to be
killed
I'm chopping them really fine as fun as
a control
next layer are potatoes they were small
potatoes so I just have them next layer
is neat
I am disposing it evenly
yeah so now I'm adding tomato sauce this
is very thick tomato sauce so I will
have to dilute it with a little bit of
water about half of this jar yeah I
would say half of the Gerald episode
look now I'm adding the tomato page
and spices little salt half teaspoon of
chili flakes about two teaspoon of
paprika about teaspoon of thyme leaves
yes and black pepper mixing it for five
seconds just to get it inside a little
bit of the flavors but not over mixing
it because I want to keep the layers on
okay
after a mix that bowl I'm adding about
teaspoon of sugar really cool and about
tablespoon of vinegar just to give it a
little bit kick open the list one
and open the heat on high and vice
you're there
five hours later this is beautiful what
an all house most incredible so I want
to try it
I know you're jealous I just can feel it
I think you want to try it with me so if
you want to do it just make your arm so
don't forget subscribe magnet comment
thumbs up me and have a wonderful season
Cheers
Victoria